Convolutional neural network (CNN), recently has
become very much dominant in various practical and visionary
tasks and majorly designed to automatically learn spatial features
though propagation and convolving through different layers such
as convolution layers, pooling layers, activation layers and fully
connected layers. In this paper we present Anova framework
based on Apache Spark through convolutional neural networks,
images are scaled down due to the correlated features, with
the help of activation layer we try to increase non-linearity so
precision may increase, further try to distinguishing or classify
by the help of SoftMax layer to get probabilities against each
class. Our main focus is to visualize the accuracy and time by
using inception V3 with the help of Random Forest. Aim of this
study is to achieve some promising results over Apache Spark
with Deep Learning.

A. Data Exploration
   We use “Image Net Classification” data set which is
   publicly available on kaggle. The data set contains almost
   twenty five thousand images of size 150*150 which has six
   categories and labeled as ‘buildings’ = 0, ’forest’ = 1, ’glacier’
   = 2, ’mountain’ = 3, ’sea’ = 4, ’street’ = 5..For training the
   model we have used fourteen thousand images, three thousand
   images are used for testing and seven thousand images used for
   prediction. Data distribution in proportion is shown in figure
  2.
   We manually load all images into Spark with a target column.
   After this we assigned label to each of the images manually
   from 0-5 then labeled column merged with each of the images.

   After merging data set has been repartion and splatted ran-
   domly in to train and test set with ratio of 80 by 20 respectively.

   In the end PySpark data set converted in to Pandas data frame
   by using .toPandas().

   1) CNN: We use CNN which is based on artificial neural
      network which tries to decompose an image based upon feature
      and predict against its class precisely.which is shown in figure
   2)Convolution layer is used as a learn able filter and all the
      heavy work is done by this. After this the activation layer
      called ReLu is used to increase the non linearity and make
      negative values equals to zero then pooling is use that take
      larger value from a image and place it into another matrix after
      that it discard the remaining values.soft max layer is use which
      take the probabilities of possible classes. Activation model is
      shown in figures respectively.  
      
B. Model Train
      Pre trained model is used for Transfer Learning that is
      Inception V3 which is created by google and Random Forest
      combined in Spark. Then The Deep Image Featurizer remove
      the last layer of a pre trained neural network and uses the
      output of previous as feature for the Random Forest. With this
      transfer learning training can converge quickly because of the
      Random Forest.Process of feature selection and classification.
      
C. Evaluation
      For Evaluation of our model performance we use multi
      class classification evaluator. Its is used to check multi class
      classification it does not assume that any label in a class is
      special it just give the accuracy of the classification which is
      made on data.
